when the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
when the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel and say to them
the children of Israel and say to them
the children of Israel and say to them when either a man or woman consecrates
when either a man or woman consecrates
when either a man or woman consecrates an offering to take the vow of a
an offering to take the vow of a
an offering to take the vow of a Nazarite to separate himself to the Lord
Nazarite to separate himself to the Lord
Nazarite to separate himself to the Lord he shall separate himself from wine and
he shall separate himself from wine and
he shall separate himself from wine and similar drink he shall drink neither
similar drink he shall drink neither
similar drink he shall drink neither vinegar made from wine nor vinegar made
vinegar made from wine nor vinegar made
vinegar made from wine nor vinegar made from similar drink neither shall he
from similar drink neither shall he
from similar drink neither shall he drink any grape juice nor French or
drink any grape juice nor French or
drink any grape juice nor French or raisins all the days of his separation
raisins all the days of his separation
raisins all the days of his separation he shall eat nothing that is produced by
he shall eat nothing that is produced by
he shall eat nothing that is produced by the grape vine from seed to skin all the
the grape vine from seed to skin all the
the grape vine from seed to skin all the days of the vow of his separation no
days of the vow of his separation no
days of the vow of his separation no razor shall come upon his head until the
razor shall come upon his head until the
razor shall come upon his head until the days are fulfilled for which he
days are fulfilled for which he
days are fulfilled for which he separated himself to the Lord he shall
separated himself to the Lord he shall
separated himself to the Lord he shall be holy then he shall let the locks of
be holy then he shall let the locks of
be holy then he shall let the locks of the hair of his head grow all the days
the hair of his head grow all the days
the hair of his head grow all the days that he separates himself to the Lord he
that he separates himself to the Lord he
that he separates himself to the Lord he shall not go near a dead body he shall
shall not go near a dead body he shall
shall not go near a dead body he shall not make himself unclean
not make himself unclean
not make himself unclean even for his father or his mother for
even for his father or his mother for
even for his father or his mother for his brother or his sister when they die
his brother or his sister when they die
his brother or his sister when they die because his separation to God is on his
because his separation to God is on his
because his separation to God is on his end all the days of his separation he
end all the days of his separation he
end all the days of his separation he shall be holy to the Lord and if anyone
shall be holy to the Lord and if anyone
shall be holy to the Lord and if anyone dies very suddenly beside him and he
dies very suddenly beside him and he
dies very suddenly beside him and he defiles his consecrated head then he
defiles his consecrated head then he
defiles his consecrated head then he shall shave his head on the day of his
shall shave his head on the day of his
shall shave his head on the day of his cleansing on the seventh day he shall
cleansing on the seventh day he shall
cleansing on the seventh day he shall shave it then on the eighth day he shall
shave it then on the eighth day he shall
shave it then on the eighth day he shall bring two turtledoves or two young
bring two turtledoves or two young
bring two turtledoves or two young pigeons to the priest to the door of the
pigeons to the priest to the door of the
pigeons to the priest to the door of the tabernacle of meeting and the priest
tabernacle of meeting and the priest
tabernacle of meeting and the priest shall offer one as a sin offering and
shall offer one as a sin offering and
shall offer one as a sin offering and the other as a burnt offering and make
the other as a burnt offering and make
the other as a burnt offering and make atonement for
atonement for
atonement for because he sinned in regard to the
because he sinned in regard to the
because he sinned in regard to the corpse and he shall sanctify his hedge
corpse and he shall sanctify his hedge
corpse and he shall sanctify his hedge that same day he shall consecrate to the
that same day he shall consecrate to the
that same day he shall consecrate to the Lord the days of his separation and
Lord the days of his separation and
Lord the days of his separation and bring a male lamb in its first year as a
bring a male lamb in its first year as a
bring a male lamb in its first year as a trespass offering but the former days
trespass offering but the former days
trespass offering but the former days shall be lost because his separation was
shall be lost because his separation was
shall be lost because his separation was defiled now this is the law of the
defiled now this is the law of the
defiled now this is the law of the Nazarite when the days of his separation
Nazarite when the days of his separation
Nazarite when the days of his separation are fulfilled he shall be brought to the
are fulfilled he shall be brought to the
are fulfilled he shall be brought to the door of the tabernacle of meeting and he
door of the tabernacle of meeting and he
door of the tabernacle of meeting and he shall present his offering to the Lord
shall present his offering to the Lord
shall present his offering to the Lord one male lamb in its first year without
one male lamb in its first year without
one male lamb in its first year without blemish as a burnt offering one ewe lamb
blemish as a burnt offering one ewe lamb
blemish as a burnt offering one ewe lamb in its first year without blemish as a
in its first year without blemish as a
in its first year without blemish as a sin offering one ram without blemish as
sin offering one ram without blemish as
sin offering one ram without blemish as a peace offering a basket of unleavened
a peace offering a basket of unleavened
a peace offering a basket of unleavened bread cakes of fine flour mixed with oil
bread cakes of fine flour mixed with oil
bread cakes of fine flour mixed with oil unleavened wafers anointed with oil and
unleavened wafers anointed with oil and
unleavened wafers anointed with oil and their grain offering with their drink
their grain offering with their drink
their grain offering with their drink offerings then the priest shall bring
offerings then the priest shall bring
offerings then the priest shall bring them before the Lord and offer his sin
them before the Lord and offer his sin
them before the Lord and offer his sin offering and his burnt offering and he
offering and his burnt offering and he
offering and his burnt offering and he shall offer the RAM as a sacrifice of a
shall offer the RAM as a sacrifice of a
shall offer the RAM as a sacrifice of a peace offering to the Lord with the
peace offering to the Lord with the
peace offering to the Lord with the basket of unleavened bread the priest
basket of unleavened bread the priest
basket of unleavened bread the priest shall also offer its grain offering and
shall also offer its grain offering and
shall also offer its grain offering and it's drink offering then the Nazarite
it's drink offering then the Nazarite
it's drink offering then the Nazarite shall shave his consecrated head at the
shall shave his consecrated head at the
shall shave his consecrated head at the door of the tabernacle of meeting and
door of the tabernacle of meeting and
door of the tabernacle of meeting and shall take the hair from his consecrated
shall take the hair from his consecrated
shall take the hair from his consecrated head and put it on the fire which is
head and put it on the fire which is
head and put it on the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace
under the sacrifice of the peace
under the sacrifice of the peace and the priest shall take the boiled
and the priest shall take the boiled
and the priest shall take the boiled shoulder of the RAM one unleavened cake
shoulder of the RAM one unleavened cake
shoulder of the RAM one unleavened cake from the basket and one unleavened wafer
from the basket and one unleavened wafer
from the basket and one unleavened wafer and put them upon the hands of the
and put them upon the hands of the
and put them upon the hands of the Nazarite after he has shaved his
Nazarite after he has shaved his
Nazarite after he has shaved his consecrated hair and the priest shall
consecrated hair and the priest shall
consecrated hair and the priest shall wave them as a wave offering before the
wave them as a wave offering before the
wave them as a wave offering before the Lord
Lord
Lord they are holy for the priest together
they are holy for the priest together
they are holy for the priest together with the breasts of the wave offering
with the breasts of the wave offering
with the breasts of the wave offering and the thigh of the heave offering
and the thigh of the heave offering
and the thigh of the heave offering after that the Nazarite may drink wine
after that the Nazarite may drink wine
after that the Nazarite may drink wine this is the law of the Nazarite who vows
this is the law of the Nazarite who vows
this is the law of the Nazarite who vows to the Lord the offering for his
to the Lord the offering for his
to the Lord the offering for his separation and besides that whatever
separation and besides that whatever
separation and besides that whatever else his hand is able to provide
else his hand is able to provide
else his hand is able to provide according to the vow which he takes so
according to the vow which he takes so
according to the vow which he takes so he must do according to the law of his
he must do according to the law of his
he must do according to the law of his separation and the Lord spoke to Moses
separation and the Lord spoke to Moses
separation and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to Aaron and his sons saying this
speak to Aaron and his sons saying this
speak to Aaron and his sons saying this is the way you shall bless the children
is the way you shall bless the children
is the way you shall bless the children of Israel say to them the Lord bless you
of Israel say to them the Lord bless you
of Israel say to them the Lord bless you and keep you the Lord make his face
and keep you the Lord make his face
and keep you the Lord make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you
shine upon you and be gracious to you
shine upon you and be gracious to you the Lord lift up his countenance upon
the Lord lift up his countenance upon
the Lord lift up his countenance upon you
you
you and give you peace so they shall put my
and give you peace so they shall put my
and give you peace so they shall put my name on the children of Israel
name on the children of Israel
name on the children of Israel and I will bless them